Moses Nasser: Hello.
Moses Nasser: Can you hear me, Donald.
Moses Nasser: I can't see you, or hear you.
Modoc County: Okay. Hello.
Moses Nasser: Hi.
Modoc County: Hi, I'm, I'm on the nurse that works here and I'm hoping this will help facilitate an eight, you know, the patient was right here.
Moses Nasser: Oh, great.
Modoc County: Yeah, so, and he's here, so I will be bringing him back.
Moses Nasser: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
All right.
Moses Nasser: Hi, are you, Donald.
Modoc County: Good. How are you sir.
Moses Nasser: I'm doing fine, thank you. Donald Hornbeck correct
Yes, sir.
Moses Nasser: All right. I'm Dr. Moses. Nice to meet you.
Modoc County: Nice to meet you.
Moses Nasser: All right, let's get started.
Moses Nasser: What's your date of birth.
Moses Nasser: And how old are you, I'm
Moses Nasser: All right.
Moses Nasser: And what's your drug of choice.
Modoc County: Choice.
Mm hmm.
Modoc County: Or was it
Modoc County: Like Ruby silver. Yes.
Moses Nasser: Okay, wonderful week. What did you see us. What's the main drag that use the
Modoc County: ASR and
Modoc County: Beautiful. Nice.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so let's let's start with the methamphetamines
Moses Nasser: Um, how did you use to use it.
Modoc County: Boy.
Modoc County: He
Modoc County: Probably orally ingestion.
Moses Nasser: You eat it. And you'd injection
Moses Nasser: So eating it, and injecting and how much were you using a day.
Modoc County: Or a lot
Moses Nasser: Like how many grams.
Or
Moses Nasser: two grams a day three grams a day.
Modoc County: Or so there's
Moses Nasser: 12
Modoc County: Play totally circle.
Moses Nasser: Company couple of these.
Moses Nasser: Two to three grams a day.
Moses Nasser: Or. Okay, two to three grams a day. And once the last time you use math.
Modoc County: January 14 of
Moses Nasser: January 14 okay
Great.
Moses Nasser: So, January 15 is your clean day then
Modoc County: January for Jesus.
Moses Nasser: All right. Great. And how long have you been using math for
Modoc County: Whoo, boy, for about three months or water or play about telling a lie.
Moses Nasser: So you've been using every day since July falling
Modoc County: Pretty close.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so this run has been what, like about 678 months then
Yeah.
Moses Nasser: And when was the first time you use math. How old are you,
Modoc County: 28
Moses Nasser: And then you also use benzodiazepines.
Modoc County: Yes, yes.
Moses Nasser: So what we're using it that time like Xanax Klonopin
Modoc County: Xanax, I had vanished. I had a
Modoc County: Clunky I had
Modoc County: Known
Modoc County: As well certainly
Modoc County: Hydrolysis
Moses Nasser: Okay, tries to dawn sertraline and hydroxyl.
Modoc County: In the trash don't really give a good having a hard time with my back. I have staff, they want. They sent us
Modoc County: A real smart so that they don't feel well as more as far as be in Vienna needed a liquid in there as soon as I add to the wayside.
Modoc County: So nighttime, I can get myself out there to sit up and all the pain. I got it backwards, right now, so the pain is free spruce names down here.
Modoc County: And I wouldn't mind getting some muscle relaxers I've been on backup plan or sexual and then maybe getting some forgive me to sleep too, baby. I was on track zone.
Modoc County: Which I don't want to wake up all fraud me it felt like I don't know, you know, pull over. My goodness.
Modoc County: Something like right so he is here for just the box. Awesome. Awesome. Okay, so that's what we're starting off there. Again, when we come in to see your another TV provider, which is faith is also here in this room, I'm going to use breakfast breakfast tomorrow machine.
Modoc County: Like that.
Modoc County: Then with your primary carrier
Modoc County: All right, I'm sorry. I understand it out.
Moses Nasser: That's okay. That's okay. We'll just do one thing at a time here.
Moses Nasser: Let's go back to the benzodiazepines, you said you were using Xanax right
Modoc County: Yes.
Moses Nasser: Now how much DAX were you taking
Modoc County: Not that was
Modoc County: How much was mostly taking Koster.
Moses Nasser: cough syrup. Yeah.
Modoc County: Hateful hateful echo over max.
Moses Nasser: Okay, let's but as far as but let's talk about the Xanax was that prescribed to you are really buying it off the street.
Modoc County: Right. But did you get it off the street, it was described to you know I wasn't first
Moses Nasser: Okay, and so was it the two milligram bars.
Yeah.
Moses Nasser: And how much, how much with the company, those would you take a day.
Moses Nasser: Or one a day.
Yeah.
Moses Nasser: So two milligrams two milligrams once a day.
Moses Nasser: And
Moses Nasser: And were you taking those. Why were you taken them, was it like to get high or was it for anxiety or a
Modoc County: Good Mood
Modoc County: Yeah, inside the VA Han dynasty was wrong diagnosis down real about five years ago they diagnosed. It was supposed to Bangor behavior movie anxiety and they have bipolar PTSD.
Modoc County: As some other phones that I was just, I was
Moses Nasser: Ok so explosive anger PTSD PTSD bipolar disorder.
Moses Nasser: Panic disorder.
Modoc County: Is a lot a lot of problems have
Moses Nasser: Generalized. Do you have anxiety, all the time.
Modoc County: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: So generalized anxiety disorder. Okay.
Moses Nasser: Now, um,
Moses Nasser: So the Xanax was two milligrams a day. And when's the last time you had a Xanax
Modoc County: Well, I don't know if it was a nice or not because I was taking also I was smoking. We has four minutes in a breeze.
Modoc County: Sport when when I say
Modoc County: I say trading.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: So when's the last time you used anything with
Modoc County: It was probably about 14 so
Modoc County: Okay, so the 14,000 was
Moses Nasser: Juice. Yeah.
Moses Nasser: And then for
Moses Nasser: How, when did you start using Xanax when, when did you start taking that
Modoc County: Medication every day.
Modoc County: I started, I was, was a nice
Modoc County: Reverse
Modoc County: Alright, so, so what was your next question.
Moses Nasser: Oh, I just wanted to know when is the first time you to examine how long you been on it for
Modoc County: All this for years.
Moses Nasser: For years, okay.
Moses Nasser: And was it something that like you would take it. Did you
Moses Nasser: Did you notice that you need to take more of it to kind of get same effect.
Modoc County: Knowledge pretty strong turnovers.
Modoc County: So they are pretty small.
Modoc County: There's some pretty small tools.
Moses Nasser: And if you didn't take it. Would you get withdrawal symptoms like
Moses Nasser: No.
Modoc County: No. Okay. You say, Boy, overwhelmed or to sleep a lot of things I party or for a lot of stress.
Moses Nasser: Okay, let's talk about the cannabis. Um, you said you were smoking wax.
Modoc County: And all as far as you know breeze.
Moses Nasser: Medicine medicine or Greece.
Modoc County: Mendocino breeze is cool.
Modoc County: Breeze, it says the name of the blood
Moses Nasser: Okay, okay. So you smoke it though.
Modoc County: I never heard of it before I got it from firing pitches from medallia that last thing that they had last year and they get a Christmas tree.
Modoc County: Thing this year with my friends rather losses house dog lost everything you own that was working with a lot of teachers.
Modoc County: Firefighters, and I felt that being a soldier nice economy and a half years of being a firefighter for 15 years I felt that even at my age, I felt that pain they had
Modoc County: Their for companies and they were drinking a lot longer young kids every day. I felt that pain that they had changed with
Modoc County: One of the guys that was there. Jamie and Alex bud medicine agrees in this House, but I never heard that before. Another guy that worked there was flying X. Cool. We had calls at work, his son, but I saw a couple $20 for the bus.
Modoc County: So I don't know if he laced with heroin or that flood right when the story about two weeks before Christmas.
Modoc County: So I don't know. I sold an employee elsewhere, but also by the gap of free speech as I pulled away the scatter have a heart attack on sharing his recent prison reform, so I don't know that has something to do with all the
Modoc County: Other folders for
Modoc County: Okay, okay.
Moses Nasser: So how, so how much, how much of it are you smoking. Were you smoking every day. How much like
Modoc County: A lot
Moses Nasser: Of companies.
Moses Nasser: Are as big.
Modoc County: As a
Moses Nasser: Half an eighth
Modoc County: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so like 1.75 grams per day.
Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Okay. And then, um, do you use any opioids like Norco or or heroin.
Modoc County: oxycodone using person.
Moses Nasser: You're on Percocet.
Modoc County: So yeah, I got a primary doctor the issue. So for my back pain in my store.
Modoc County: I bought this football sweaters.
Moses Nasser: Sad again.
Modoc County: I've broken broken bones to as Asians 23 and
Moses Nasser: 20 broken bones.
Modoc County: Wait for most Wesley three
Modoc County: broken ribs 13% books. My job I popped out fulfillment and actually wore my spine. I gotta work. There were three team in particular also
Modoc County: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Wow.
Moses Nasser: Have you ever been addicted to purchase sense or heroin.
Modoc County: Well, sure. I now have
Modoc County: A if I didn't get him like Jones.
Moses Nasser: Have you ever. Have you ever used heroin before
Modoc County: No, I have
Modoc County: Normally I have not used.
Moses Nasser: So only so mainly with opioids. It's Percocet, then that you got from the doctors
Modoc County: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Do you ever take more than what's prescribed
Modoc County: Like do I have
Moses Nasser: AND WHY WHY DO YOU WHY DO YOU WHY do you end up doing that.
Modoc County: Oh yes, more pain.
Modoc County: Tolerance
Modoc County: Being more tanks. I was a firefighter. I was, I was a longer asked that full trees in the forest service for 15 years
Modoc County: And wildland firefighter. So it wasn't just an ordinary jobs artist job.
Modoc County: The demand a lot out of me and I didn't look give us. I put a lot into me for our side is fun. It was able to job without the pain.
Modoc County: Mm hmm. Yep.
Moses Nasser: Has the percocet ever interfered with your life interfered with like your work or your relationships.
Modoc County: Necessarily like a whole was so high they asked me, you really did it just took everything
Moses Nasser: Oh, so is mainly for the pain.
Modoc County: Yeah man, for the page.
Moses Nasser: Do you ever buy any off the streets. Did you ever buy like Percocet, since
Modoc County: Roxy are actually Dr. Alex has to be a doctor that I had, I
Modoc County: Thought it was good.
Moses Nasser: Oh, so you never bought it off the street before
Modoc County: Yeah yeah
Moses Nasser: You have okay you
Moses Nasser: Okay, I appreciate you being honest with me.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, I'm now how much Percocet. So were you take or do you still take it now.
Modoc County: No, no drug free
Moses Nasser: Right now nothing. Okay, so how much progress. That's where you taken back then.
Modoc County: Let's say three day chivalrous
Moses Nasser: Three. A day the 10 milligrams 2510 325 is
Moses Nasser: Oh that's Norco
Modoc County: Know, Percocet, whatever it is, 10 milligrams. I will say,
Moses Nasser: Oh, let me check it out. Sorry.
Modoc County: Five is a five.
Moses Nasser: Percocet. It's actually code down to 557 510 oh yeah that's pretty that's pretty strong those
Are
Moses Nasser: All right, so do you have cravings to to take Percocet.
Modoc County: I upgrade is right now. I mean,
Modoc County: Just to not not right on leash now from was like that medicine. I must sleep at night. I can't get up out of bed like has grabbed my hand. I gotta wake her up over it. Thank you. Bye.
Modoc County: Take care float back for a week, her up. She's got it grabbed my hand and help me out up and I want to get more stable at least the PLO get a good night's sleep and be able much week after nine five or 10 times to because of that pain.
Moses Nasser: What's your pain level. What's your pain level on average over the past few days.
Modoc County: I spent about a chin.
Moses Nasser: Oh, so you're in like constant severe pain.
He
Modoc County: Only has a croissant.
Modoc County: Day.
Moses Nasser: So you said you can't even get out of bed to go to the bathroom at night.
Moses Nasser: No really interferes with your function with normal functioning for you.
Modoc County: Yes, sir.
Moses Nasser: And the main back pain. Is it sees it in your lower back.
Modoc County: Yes, it's my my my chat room is ready to
Modoc County: Go.
Moses Nasser: Have you ever had an MRI. Do you know your diagnosis is
Modoc County: Yes, I do.
Moses Nasser: What is it
Modoc County: I have a
Modoc County: They want to put a live in there and they live have that sparks Nevada spineless intuition.
Modoc County: And what that means. They want to go through the front eighth British I want to take you know one is for this guy out. They want to lift in there like a less than one or two bars coming up. It's double screws that go flat days and fuse it together that maybe it may work maybe
Moses Nasser: Okay, so basically you have degenerative disc disease and
Modoc County: Jeremy
Moses Nasser: lumbar disc disease severe
Moses Nasser: And then, um,
Moses Nasser: And then, and then you said you also have you do have cravings, to go back and take percocet again.
Modoc County: I don't have traces. Yes, I do. But I just want something at this point here.
Modoc County: I think I get it from multiple to Boston. I think it will shake her one of us.
Moses Nasser: Well, if it's just see, I can't give you Suboxone just for pain. I have to also make sure that you have some kind of cravings for Percocet, or that it has to do with your drug addiction.
Modoc County: Well, yes, I have praise.
Okay.
Moses Nasser: And so what's your craving level, say, on a scale of one to 10
Modoc County: Is play recent board of four or five
Moses Nasser: Four or five. Okay.
Okay.
Moses Nasser: Got it. And you also exhibited tolerance. So over time. You've needed to take more Percocet, to be able to get the same effect. Correct.
Modoc County: Yes, sir. Okay.
Moses Nasser: Um, and if you whenever if you wouldn't take the perk say you get withdrawal symptoms. Right.
Modoc County: Yes, sir. Yeah.
Modoc County: I guess diarrhea like this sickness.
Moses Nasser: Okay. So right now, you're not on anything.
Modoc County: For medication wise he is on like to
Moses Nasser: What is he on
Modoc County: His own Risperdal two milligrams one tablet.
Modoc County: And then he's on Depakote 500 milligrams two tabs to HS
Modoc County: He was recently must been alive through
Modoc County: Reading
Modoc County: And that's where he got his medications.
Modoc County: And discharge though recently.
Moses Nasser: Oh, so the risk profile and the Depakote. He just got those
Modoc County: Me see let me
Moses Nasser: Just went. Where was he on those before
Modoc County: THE 27th.
Modoc County: Heaven right here.
Moses Nasser: You just get those medicines, Donald.
Moses Nasser: Or were you on medicine.
Modoc County: 28 and we have our nurse glory. He works with
Modoc County: Those
Just surely
Moses Nasser: Okay, so you feeling pretty good on those you feel a little more stable.
Modoc County: I showed a bit more stable. So Michelle Venable white
Moses Nasser: You still want
Modoc County: Elise shower bit like a little bit of crashing.
Moses Nasser: Oh, okay.
Modoc County: Just make Bailey because
Modoc County: Because of the pain professional have the pain, kind of thing, you know.
Moses Nasser: Yeah.
Modoc County: You know, I think that's the only reason that they can, once I get this right.
Moses Nasser: Okay, do you still take hydroxyl seen
Modoc County: No, I don't think it
Moses Nasser: Really
Modoc County: Yeah, my culture feel I don't chew tobacco. I sure can. I put I put every culture.
Moses Nasser: What about transit, don't you said that I used to help you. Right.
Modoc County: Yes, but y'all.
Moses Nasser: Are you sleeping. Okay.
Modoc County: You're not
Moses Nasser: You're not you want to go back on the transit zone.
Modoc County: Yeah, that'd be fine. So we do have you seen his doctor tomorrow was awesome here.
Modoc County: Yes, she
Moses Nasser: Is it psychiatry.
Modoc County: She's, she's a nice so
Moses Nasser: But so she'll do like his regular psych meds or travel or stuff like that. OK. OK. That's fine.
Moses Nasser: Um, and then so
Moses Nasser: Have you ever had Suboxone before
Moses Nasser: Will share. No. Okay, so
Moses Nasser: We can go ahead and start you on Suboxone for pain.
Moses Nasser: And for addiction. So I'm going to say opioid use disorder mild Oxycodone and chronic pain lumbar degenerative disc disease. We're going to start Suboxone
Moses Nasser: Will start you with
Moses Nasser: I'm
Modoc County: Sorry, so
Moses Nasser: With that
Modoc County: House now so all think oh my way, you're here 1.6177
Moses Nasser: Okay, good.
Yeah.
Modoc County: Last week,
Moses Nasser: 30 let's just start with a low to medium dose eight milligrams a day.
Moses Nasser: And then we'll just see how we'll just see how it is for you.
Moses Nasser: Sir, I'm see how much it helps with your pain.
Moses Nasser: So let's do it for him and divided doses, so
Moses Nasser: Uh, can you give it four times a day without between convenient for you.
Modoc County: So we're setting up the his box. He has a box that he has
Modoc County: You know, it's like a little
Modoc County: Little compartments and every morning, noon night I type of thing. So it wouldn't be a problem for us to break it in half and put it that way instead of up for the week.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Modoc County: As he sees this nurse tomorrow, Lori and, you know, we still have to go over to the pharmacy, make sure that they have it so.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so let's just to start out with half a tablet twice a day and see how he does.
Modoc County: A
Modoc County: Okay, and then just for a week or two weeks or
Moses Nasser: Who would be ongoing.
Ongoing
Modoc County: Pretty strong, this goes
Modoc County: Right, here's your starting small and we're working our way and
Modoc County: This is fun.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, no problem.
Modoc County: Um, when should we follow up with you as an exhibition
Moses Nasser: In a week.
Moses Nasser: So we'll do there's a group. There's a group meeting that will happen, and I would like him to come to the
Moses Nasser: Probably. Let's see here.
Modoc County: Is
Modoc County: Next Monday.
Moses Nasser: Next Monday.
Moses Nasser: Let's do the nine o'clock meeting.
Modoc County: meeting on Monday. Oh, did you
Moses Nasser: Do that I am
Modoc County: Or no, that's fine. That's fine for you. Yes.
Moses Nasser: So nine o'clock, and then you know you can't combine that medicine with Xanax
Moses Nasser: Wires or anything.
Moses Nasser: You know any other or alcohol. You can't come out of alcohol.
Moses Nasser: Or
Moses Nasser: Other things like Percocet, or other opioids are heroin. You can overdose and die if you combine it with other medicines. Yeah.
Modoc County: That's a celestial okay
All right.
Moses Nasser: And then also, I'll do a prescription for our can Narcan is just an emergency medicine, if there was any kind of overdose going on with an opioid overdose, then you would use the dark can one spray in your nose and then we'll reverse it, you'll wake up right away.
Modoc County: Yes, no, yes. And my wife has
Moses Nasser: A wife. Okay, that's good, that's good. And then, would you like a prescription for backlift and also
Modoc County: Yeah, that would be great.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so we'll do the backup and we'll start out with it. Also, the lower dose. The five milligrams three times a day as needed. Okay.
Modoc County: In three times a day.
Huh.
Moses Nasser: So we do talk about spirituality in our groups, if you don't mind. Are you are you comfortable sharing. If you
Moses Nasser: Believe in God or anything like that, or what's your religion.
Modoc County: Yeah mom, hostile
Moses Nasser: Pentecostal Christian
Okay, great.
Moses Nasser: And then
Moses Nasser: Do you have any thoughts about hurting yourself for hurting anyone else.
Modoc County: No.
Moses Nasser: Are you eating okay and drinking fluids.
Oh, yeah.
Moses Nasser: Okay. And are you having any. I'm just going to list some symptoms and tell me if you have it. Well, first of all, are you hear voices that aren't there.
Moses Nasser: No. Okay. And the are you having headache ringing in the ears blurry vision, coughing, chest pain trouble breathing trouble breathing when you walk stomach cramping, diarrhea, vomiting, swelling in your ankles.
Modoc County: Whoa, okay.
Moses Nasser: And you're able to feed yourself and shower yourself and everything. Take care of yourself normal
Moses Nasser: Okay, excellent. So physical exam is normal physical exam.
Moses Nasser: Patient as low key risk for suicide diagnosis of opioid use disorder modeled Oxycodone and prescription for Narc can and Suboxone eight milligrams half a tablet twice a day.
Moses Nasser: And then next explosive anger and next PTSD next bipolar disorder continuous per dollar and Depakote follow up with psychiatrist next panic disorder next generalized anxiety disorder next severe chronic lumbar spine pain due to lumbar spine dangerous disc disease.
Moses Nasser: Prescription for back within five milligrams three times a day as needed for muscle tightness medicines will be sent to the pharmacy follow up in one week and group at 9am and I think that's it.
Modoc County: I
Modoc County: Got any questions.
Moses Nasser: Well, sir. All right, so we'll start out with that. See, I want you to helps your pain and then if we need to go up, we can
Modoc County: Thank you.
Modoc County: All right, will you be a fax number or electronically spinning this to last year pharmacy in our town or
Moses Nasser: I'm going to be electronically sending it over. Let me make sure I have his information. Okay.
Moses Nasser: Let's see Donald horn back
Moses Nasser: Medications
Moses Nasser: New
Moses Nasser: Prescription
Moses Nasser: last frontier pharmacy.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, yeah, it's in the computer. So I'll send that over right now.
Okay.
Modoc County: Yeah, that that happened to Lori. She received her tomorrow. So as we all coordinated this song.
Modoc County: And
Modoc County: And then also with the availability with this box of the
Modoc County: Last record even has it all today.
Modoc County: Yeah, I mean now. So that's what I'm saying. Now,
Modoc County: There is no
Moses Nasser: Do you have any other questions for me, guys.
Modoc County: No, sir. No, sir.
Moses Nasser: Okay, thank you so much. God bless.
Moses Nasser: You. Bye.